API- Application Programming interface -> if you look at an application doesnt have to be mobile
it can be any application you build. You are trying to make connections remotely to get info
 The application is the front part the whole process. there is a lot of thing that happen in order
 for the app to work.

 The application that useres can interact with, below the level we have the API and below API is the server
 We have applications and Back end Server. so In order to fech information we have an API. Api is in between
 Application and Back Server. It is bidirectional. So an API can be JSON or XML these are formats,
 so what the application says hey i need something from the backend and the backend is already set up
 to send the data back to the application but in a format that is easier for the application to
 understand or parse.

 So it was mentioned in order to understand Android we have to understand Androids api, but what does that mean?
Its the same thing such as passing data back and forth, but not in the terms of networking and back end servers
what we are talking talking about is the documentation of andriod classes and android software development kit
but now we are learning about activity class, in order to learn how to create a window and frame. API in any
context is just a way in which developers we have to connect which underneath stuff or backend.

Remote API: HTTP Protocol Server is complicated, we have to do a little bit more work in order to parse
the data from a server or any remote data. Why do we bother to do that? We can leverage which was already created
such as the android sdk, which is a library. The SDK is a library of classes and packages and be able to invoke the API to
use all of those classes, to abtstract information.

What is a library? A library is something that has been taken away all of its complexity of doing something.
In order for people to have that class to do something. Any Framework to build something can also be considered al ibrary
becuase it helps to abstract information in a proper way.